c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\Teo2 Control App.exe.config
c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\obj\Debug\Teo2 Control App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\Teo2 Control App.exe
c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\Teo2 Control App.pdb
c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\BrandonPotter.XBox.dll
c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\obj\Debug\Teo2 Control App.exe
c:\users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\obj\Debug\Teo2 Control App.pdb
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\Arrabbiato.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\Bravo.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\Ciao.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\Felice.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\GiochiConMe.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\Grande.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\No.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\Pianto.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\Risata.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\Si.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\Spaventato.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\voice\Triste.WAV
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\XML\config.xml
C:\Users\ricca\onedrive\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teo2 Control App\Teo2 Control App\bin\Debug\XML\default.xml
